Bob Nine kicked off the call.

Interesting program review last week - thanks to all who attended.

Ethan - short week - looking at ability to overwrite columns in HDF5 - trying to understand why it is not releasing memory.

Pierce - short week - set up a PR for new groupBy aggregations on BigInt. Some HPF5 work.  

Jake - last week finished comments - Writing messaging documentation.  Working on string attributes.

Josh - Got interjoins on strings working.  SegString performance issue resolved.  Working on distance algorithms for dtaframes.

John - testing of kubernetes on slurm and kubernetes.  Kubernetes had better performance.  Tried baremetal and EC2 VMs on AWS.
       Upgraded the Helm charts in his private repo.  NJIT has an interest in this as well.  Ported over RM to BEARS-R-US.  Testing is more aligned to expectations now.  
       Will wrap up this today. Will work with Kevin Carr to post test reults.  This week prototyping argo.
     
       
Bob - Oliver is doing kubernetes - poc will be John Yost.

Chris - working on matrix algorithm. Too Big to Fail is his catch title.

Dan - figuring out metaprogramming for python. Found a great parser. Using Mason build system with custom complies. Started a CE in algebra.

Mike O -Visitor meet and greet and arkouda demos.  Getting ready for graphfest.

Ben - Writing a paper for CHUIW. Working on multi-dimensional arrays. Bob - looking at the API for Multi-dimensional arrays via a standard.

Ethan - Please keep the team in the loop on the multi-dimensional arrays progress.

Dr. Du - David is trapped on the subway.  Working on performance algorithms.  Using the Connected package for graphs.  
         2 parts - Assembly (Logistics) and Finish parts of the graph.  Major update.
         
Oliver - Finished internal property implementation on graphs. Doing property graph filters.  Supporting a new user.  

Haromi - Questions - John, on Kubernetes vs Slurm - were results similar or different?  
                     John-  on AWS kubernetes outperforms slurm on VMs.  Testing on home bare metal set up - and the performance is similar.  
         Questions - Dan, what do you mean by metaprogramming?  Is this rules?  Dan - using python to metaprogram C code.
                          Like Mike Merrill's user-define functions? - 
                     Dan - No.  It is more like the auto-generate of Chapel in order to be type generic.                    
                          What was the parser - 
                     Dan - pyC parser.


Kay - Where do we want to put last weeks Notes?  
      Bob -- set up a privately shared with this group low side spot.



