Bob Nine kicked off the meeting

Ethan D - Last week had lots of user request.  Next release is in 2 weeks - perhaps by Friday, April 7.  Some new functionalities. Some bug fixes.  
           SeqArray reindexing issues debug at a large data size - 10 to the 8th - log writing issues. Went to a single locale was 74 seconds- now it is 4 seconds.
           Added a new feature. -Filters for seqArrays.  Remove empty seqments from the filter.  Bug with writing HPF5 to a single file would stall.  
           Went from 28 seconds to 1 second. Bug in parquet code for multicolumn - added a check.  
           Feature for tagging wth an iterger value of the file of origin as a categorical - a low level hash map type of indexing.  
           Fix issue with bitmap of bigint 32-bit case conversion issue to be sure the high bit is in the 32-bit slot.
           Parquet files do not have a concept of 16-bit integer.  Still researching. Out omn Thursday and Friday next week.
           
Pierce H - Added error handling.  Dug into .date slowness.  Fixed bug, and examined other date time slowness. Dis some performance debugging.  Elliot helped.  I was a Chapel issue.
            PR for printing dataFrame indexing command.  Ak.ware strings  Working with categoricals and seStrings in the future.  
            
Jake T - Fixed some bugs and documentation.

Josh M - Updated pytest.  Waiting for review and merge.  

Chris H - Coming into the office tomorrow.  Planning on presenting at chuiw

John Y - Got argo workflow on arkouda.  Can be launched on the fly.  PR to enhance arkouda metrics.  
         Next week will add Prometheseus to contrib project.  Started on arkouda on kubernetes vs slurm.  
         
Elliot - Prepping for Chapel review.  offline next week.         
 
 Ben - working on nightly failures.
 
 Mike O - tech reviews for technical labs.  Presentations for graphfest.
 
 David - keynote at HPC user forum on April 19.  chiuw and graphfest presentations
 
 Du - New methods for reducing edges via inter and intra processor counting.  Optimizing property graphs.
 
 Oliver - Developing property graph storage methods for label.
 
 Hourmi - John can you explain kubernetes vs slurm via argo workl=flow?  
          John No - just using batch commands.  
          What are you Comparing?
          John - testing via Jupyter Notebooks - using the same notebook - access arkouda on any kubernetes construct.
          
Kay - Taking the weekly minutes and posting them to ArkoudaWeeklyCall.

Dan - Shared data structures to support arbitrary data types.  Out of the office tomorrow.
 
 Bob on spring break this week.
